var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/VGEO/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/VGEO/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/VGEO/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/VGEO/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/VGEO/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/VGEO/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/VGEO/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/VGEO/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/Sources/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/Sources/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/Sources/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/Sources/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/Sources/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/Sources/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/Sources/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/Sources/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE200/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE200/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE200/table.f0i usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE200/table.f0i
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE200/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE200/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE200/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE200/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE200/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE200/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/VTOP/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/VTOP/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/VTOP/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/VTOP/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/VTOP/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/VTOP/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/VTOP/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/VTOP/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE405/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE405/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE405/table.f0i usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE405/table.f0i
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE405/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE405/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE405/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE405/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE405/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/DE405/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/Lines/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/Lines/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/Lines/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/Lines/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/Lines/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/Lines/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/ephemerides/Lines/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/ephemerides/Lines/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF.old/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF.old/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF.old/table.f0i usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF.old/table.f0i
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF.old/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF.old/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF.old/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF.old/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF.old/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF.old/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000.old/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000.old/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000.old/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000.old/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000.old/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000.old/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000.old/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000.old/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop2000/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop2000/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop2000/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop2000/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop2000/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop2000/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop2000/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop2000/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop97/table.lock.org usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop97/table.lock.org
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop97/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop97/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop97/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop97/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop97/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop97/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop97/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSeop97/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/KpApF107/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/KpApF107/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/KpApF107/table.f0i usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/KpApF107/table.f0i
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/KpApF107/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/KpApF107/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/KpApF107/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/KpApF107/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/KpApF107/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/KpApF107/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/SCHED_locations/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/SCHED_locations/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/SCHED_locations/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/SCHED_locations/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/SCHED_locations/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/SCHED_locations/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict.old/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict.old/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict.old/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict.old/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict.old/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict.old/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict.old/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict.old/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/Observatories/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/Observatories/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/Observatories/makefile usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/Observatories/makefile
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/Observatories/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/Observatories/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/Observatories/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/Observatories/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/Observatories/table.f1 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/Observatories/table.f1
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/Observatories/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/Observatories/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IMF/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IMF/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IMF/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IMF/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IMF/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IMF/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IMF/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IMF/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC.old/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC.old/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC.old/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC.old/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC.old/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC.old/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC.old/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC.old/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/TAI_UTC/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF/table.f0i usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF/table.f0i
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IGRF/table.lock
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000/table.dat usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000/table.dat
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000/table.f0 usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000/table.f0
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000/table.info usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000/table.info
var/lib/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000/table.lock usr/share/casacore/data/geodetic/IERSpredict2000/table.lock
